The Joe Rogan experience.
They found some of those teeth and shipments of dragon bones. Oh,
what the we're dragging is that I'm sure they were selling them as dragon boats,
but like, I wonder what those were probably dinosaur rocks or something.
Dragging bones is they collected 40 70th amongst shipments of in quotes,
dragon bones. Speaking of dragon bones, anybody heard from Charlie sheen lately.
Remember that guy tiger bud dragon bones.
My friend saw him at a restaurant one time and I'm like, get the out of it.
And he, he takes a video. He goes, look, he eats.
Cause he's just the guy that's going like this. And I just like,
imagine that that guy had achieved like this enormous. Oh,
here it goes from baller to squalor.
Charlie sheen moves into modest Malibu apartment after he was forced to live
with his dad 80.
And mom's 76. Oh it is man. I heard he lost all his teeth or hurts. Oh,
he's I know he's unwell. So I guess if, uh, yeah, yeah. Well,
that's what becomes like,
see if you could find the most current photo of Charlie sheen.
I figured that would've had,
I remember when like people were using hashtag tiger blood and that wasn't that
long ago, right? It was like 15 years ago. No, not that long.
It was 10 20 11. And you went off the rails.
That was a crazy time.
People found out that he had HIV that's when they were like not so funny
anymore. And they, you know, he possibly had given it to other people,
not the coolest thing, Charlie, he was the guy that was like,
you remember when he did that interview where he was like, yeah,
I smoke crack. Yeah. I love it. I would a tiger bliss. Smoke grams of it.
Yeah. Hashtag winning.
Did he even use hashtag winning or did you say winning? He used hashtag winning.
I don't think it does anymore. I mean, didn't,
I don't think he said hashtag winning. I think he just said winning, winning.
And he was a, he was a year ago. Jesus Christ.
Please play that play that this is Marine.
We get some volume he's doing for cameo. It's a thing.
Isn't that working.
Remain here. I will, I will remain available if, if,
if you can all agree that, uh, that,
that all the tiger blood then winning.
And if we could just kind of just kind of leave that
where it belongs in the past, uh.
Hey, this is tough to watch very difficult.
It sounds like he doesn't want to keep going.
That, that, that depth, we're all finding our way through. So,
so if a message from me can, can, can brighten the day of, of,
of yourself for,
or a loved one or even someone you don't really care about then,
uh, then, um, then I'm honored to, to offer that. So, uh,
greetings, good people of planet cameo.
It's the sheen I'm back through.
Whoa, that's heavy.
I remember when he was doing live performances or he's going out and he's doing,
he was selling out theaters. And the first one he did was, uh,
like everybody was excited to see him,
but then they realized this was after he got fired from two and a half men,
they realized he really didn't have an act yet. Just then he realized,
like I got to do something.
I sold out all the theaters and now people are gonna scream at me and be mad at
me. Cause he was like, you paid to see me losers. Like that kind of.
He was just being defensive. Right, right. Then he hired my friend,
Russell Peters and Russell Peters took over and was like
interviewing him.
And then the shows became actually success because Russell is very entertaining.
And what do you, what are you doing? Canada represents, hold on. He says.
This wasn't new. But uh, he blames all of those fun quotes on, uh,
too much testosterone cream. He was using to try to get his libido up. Roid,
rage, accidental roid rage.
That's what tiger blood came from. Nothing to do with Coke.
You know who the other way,
do you know who the last noted celebrity was to visit? To visit Merlin? Who?
Russell Peters. Oh, L let's scroll up. Let me see what he looked like back then.
No, no, no, no. I'm sorry. Scroll down the video.
Like look how good he looked vibrant.
It is sad to see where he's gotten in this voice.
There's just nothing here that this Michael stray hand is interviewing us.
I am I'm for eight months now I've been enrolled in an FDA study for a
medication for a drug called pro one 40 that's that's in,
in the late stages of its, of its of its trial run.
We are very close to being approved. Um,
and it is not this hideous cocktail that leads to so many side effects
emotionally and physically it's one shot a week. It's going well.
And I, I feel like I'm carrying the torch for a lot of folks out there that are
suffering from the same, same thing, you know,
in all of this that has happened to have there been a silver lining. Oh yeah,
yeah, yeah, no. I mean, today I got, the dad was diagnosed.
I immediately wanted to eat a bullet. Can I stop?
Michael Strahan is such a stud that his list actually helps him become more
endearing.
We never fixed the gap.
In his teeth, but it's also like, it's like such a alpha,
such a beast of a man, such a manly man invites you to criticize it.
But when he has a little list and be like, I like you a little bit more,
it's a little bit,
a little bit easier to deal with the fact that you're a superhuman.
I think that he was talking about HIV. Yeah. And this one, he.
Was, yeah. He.
Says, I want to go way back. See, this was, what year was this? Three years.
Ago. Jesus.
Christ. He looked so much better. Three years ago.
What is going on, man? That's a,
it's a really sad thing to see because you know, he, he was, I mean,
he captivated the world for a while. I get it. But it's so sad to see, you know,
there's something about someone who becomes a humble later. And I mean,
there's a level of humility that is evident in that video where we watched that
he's, he's trying to get some cameo orders.
Like it was a dude that was also who was embracing,
being like shamed. It was like, yeah, I smoke crack. Yeah.
I eat like I pay hookers to leave. Like he was,
he had all this wildness to like the way he was accepting this shifts like a
defiance. Yeah.
Cause people were tired of people being like they were being humbled by this and
goes back to the genuine and the honesty factor. I mean,
is there anything more honesty than admitting you're a drug addiction?
It was a little bit of, it was that,
but it was also that he used to be Charlie sheen.
He was Charlie sheen from major league and platoon and he was a
massive movie star.
And then all of a sudden here he is on television talking about smoking crack.
He had tiger blood. He was a giant, uh,
conspiracy theorist for a while to remember he wrote a letter to Obama,
uh, demanding that Obama released a truth about nine 11. Do you remember that,
Jeremy?
No. I was just about to ask you where, what,
I couldn't remember where this all started. The Charlie sheen stuff, you know,
like where, where did that first hit? Was he alive? Streaming on?
We got fired from the firing that's yeah. That's what propelled him.
He got fired from two and a half men. And then he went off on a,
he started calling the, the guy by his, uh, his proper Jewish name.
So it started off as he started at any went off. Oh, the Chuck Lorre,
Alex Jones, Matt speaking downs. I was Jones. Uh, call me once he goes,
Hey Joel, someone wants to talk to you. And he puts me on the phone with, um,
Gary Busey. Oh. Post motorcycle accident.
And Carey Gary Busey was, I mean, it was literally like,
I was the beneficiary of this long rant. I go, Hey man,
what's up? And I was just like, Hey, Joe,
want to talk to you about the universe and life and expanding consciousness and
all these different things that are happening right now.
And he all Gary Bucy like just talked at me
for a few minutes and then gave the phone back to Alex and I go,
what the was that? I'll call you later, man.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expenses.